Previously on "How to Get Away
With Murder"...
Connor: Tell him that
I'll get his mom asylum.
Your position at
the District Attorney's office
is terminated,
effective immediately.
It's for
a safe deposit box.
Only one other person
has access.
Annalise: It's Wes.
...who the last person
to access this was?
Laurel Castillo.
Three days ago.
Vivian's talking
to the FBI.
What do you want
from me, Annalise?
Simple. Take your son
and go away.
So you're a killer now?
What?
Paul.
My father's dead.
He died in prison
last year.
I could have met him
if you'd told me.
[ Voice breaking ]
And it's your fault! I hate you!
Your fingerprints match those
on the murder weapon.
I want my lawyer.
♪♪
Good morning, class.
My name is Michaela Pratt --
Professor Pratt for the duration
of our new case.
Today's client -- my client --
Brandi Greene.
Wait, wait, wait. We're supposed
to earn this case.
I have like
a thousand pitches.
Ms. Pratt did earn it.
When?
Annalise: When I decided,
just like I can decide
to rescind my offer
to let you
in this clinic.
Now, since you've all supposedly
read the case file...
Translation --
she guilt-tripped Annalise
for not telling her
about her dead dad.
Yeah, well,
my dad's dead, too.
Brandi is accused
of helping her husband, Troy,
rob $5,000
from a cash lender.
In the subsequent car chase,
Brandi's husband, Troy,
was shot...and killed...
by a police officer.
As a result, the prosecution
is charging Brandi
with the following.
♪♪
We wanted to open
a food truck.
We asked Troy's aunt
for money.
What about a bank?
How do you think Troy
came up with the idea
to rob the Check-n-Hurry
in the first place?
They turned us down
even after we agreed
to pay
like 300 percent interest.
Money is God in this country.
We all know that.
As such, I'll pay each of you
20 Pratt Dollars
for every idea that eliminates
one of these charges.
First one to 100 gets
to be my second chair.
Any takers? Peyton.
Go after
the trespassing charge.
The security cameras
only show Troy
going into the Check-n-Hurry,
not Brandi.
Brandi: Troy made me stay
in the car.
Only took him a few minutes
before he came running out.
We thought we made it.
Mr. Walsh.
A "resisting arrest" charge
requires the accused
to create
risk of bodily injury,
but Brandi
was literally clutching
her dead husband's head
at the time of her arrest.
That's not resisting.
That's grieving.
The cop car came out of nowhere,
forced us off the road
without even giving Troy
a chance to pull over.
So, you were ready
to surrender?
Eliminate possession
of a deadly weapon.
The police said they found
a knife on Brandi.
The knife
was a nail file.
There's no crime
in staying flossy.
Please. Like I'd ever need
to carry a weapon.
If a bitch comes to me, I just
take her out with my fists.
Okay, money's running out.
Come on, people. Let's go.
I want all these charges
eliminated from the board.
The case against her
is entirely circumstantial.
She never provided advice,
assistance, supplies.
If there's no intent,
there's no burglary.
Her culpability is insufficient
to prove complicity.
That's 100 Pratt Dollars.
I did it!
I'm second chair!
Oh. Not true.
First you need to pay me
an additional
$100,000 in...restitution!
What the hell's
restitution?
What the court makes you pay
to compensate the victims.
My husband died.
He's the victim.
As are you.
But they are charging you
for the safe Troy cracked,
the cell store damage,
damage to the officer's
patrol car,
the officer's ER bill,
therapy.
What about my therapy?
The grand total
is $102,085.
This isn't fair.
Oh, you think
our justice system is?
Poor people pay
on every level.
I'm not
letting that happen.
I already told Brandi.
You're not
gonna pay a cent.
What?
I'm gonna get the DA
to drop every single dollar
of that restitution.
Asher:
There's no way the prosecution's
gonna agree to that.
Maybe if you were Brandi's
lawyer, but it me.
And since none of you
were bold enough
to suggest
dropping the restitution,
I don't need a second chair.
-Objection!
-Boo! You're the worst.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Brandi's plea hearing
is at noon today.
Come watch me slay.
Next time you want to tell
everyone I'm a killer,
say it to my face.
It wasn't me.
It was Asher.
It's not a decision
I regret.
You kill a guy,
you gotta pay the price.
I didn't kill anyone.
Annalise: Quiet.
You want your problems
to go away?
Take your ass
back to UVA.
Let's go.
Hey.
I have to focus
on my case.
It's over, boo-boo.
Pack your knives
and go home.
♪♪
Put me on criminal cases,
litigation, international.
And obviously,
I know how to work well
with big
personalities.
So if you have
a difficult partner
that needs a second,
I'm your lawyer.
Nate send you here?
Hmm?
He accused me of being involved
in Emmett's death.
You his spy?
No one knows I'm here,
even Annalise.
Why?
The only reason
I want you to hire me
is because you know I can be
an asset to this firm.
So, not because
you got fired from the DA's?
I left the DA's
because of everything
that happened with Ron.
I needed a fresh start,
[ Door opens ]
as you can imagine.
Connor Walsh
is on the line.
He says it's urgent.
We can make it a trial basis.
No pressure.
[ Door closes ]
Sadly, my budget's
all spent for the year.
Thanks for thinking of us,
though.
♪♪
[ Cellphone chimes ]
What now?
Marisol's not coming.
Why?
Her boss said he'd fire her
if she took the day off.
Hector's pretty upset.
Okay.
Drive to Maryland.
Get her to sign
those papers.
Put me on with Hector.
Hector.
[ Gasps ]
Mama?
No, Hectorcito, es Tegan.
Tu mamà estarà
allí muy pronto.
[ Cellphone slams ]
♪♪
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Hey.
Save the sexting for later.
Just 'cause we're gay
doesn't mean
we're obsessed with sex.
Really?
I am,
but that's not why I'm here.
You sure? I could probably
help you out with that.
Shut up and listen.
First, no one can know
what I'm about to tell you.
Swear you won't tell Connor,
Michaela -- nobody.
[ Sighing ] Oh, God.
Okay.
Laurel had
a safe deposit box.
I found a way in,
but she cleaned it out.
Are you sure it was her?
Yes.
How?
Because I found her.
It's from a street camera
outside the bank.
It's her.
♪♪
ADA Richt, I understand you've
come to a plea agreement
with the defense.
Yes, Your Honor.
Three years' incarceration
and restitution.
Counsel for Ms. Greene,
do you agree to these terms?
Michaela: No, Your Honor.
While we accept
the three years,
we require the restitution
be waived.
Your Honor,
the defense should have
informed us
of this earlier.
The prosecution knows
that game-time decisions
are a part
of the game.
On what grounds
are you requesting
this waiver, Ms. Pratt?
The restitution's punitive
under the 8th amendment,
unless the whole point
is to keep my client
living below the poverty line
her entire life.
Get it, girl.
Not to mention
the 7th amendment
forbids assessing
any unliquidated damages
against defendants
without a jury.
What are you doing here?
You speak so highly
of Annalise.
I want to see
what all the hype's about.
Asher Millstone.
Moms love me.
The prosecution is not only
over-charging my client
for the cost of the
Check-n-Hurry safe --
The safe her
husband destroyed.
...They also want her to pay
for the counseling
of the officer who shot
and killed her husband.
That charge does feel
out of bounds, Mr. Richt.
Okay.
The Commonwealth agrees
to reduce restitution
to $80,000.
Knock off another $80,000,
and we have a deal.
$70,000.
Again,
zero dollars is our ask.
$60,000. Final offer.
Take the win.
I can get them lower,
just like
I got this case off you.
You're not negotiating
for yourself.
Consult your client.
Let it ride.
Do you.
Michaela: Your Honor,
unless the restitution
is dropped to zero,
we have no choice
but to reject the plea offer
and take this to trial,
where we will win.
Judge Nanjani:
Mr. Richt?
Does the Commonwealth
have a response?
Yes. We withdraw
our current plea offer.
Judge,
let's take a recess.
We'd also like to add
an additional charge
of felony murder.
Objection!
Due process!
Vindictive prosecution!
Murder?
I didn't kill no one.
Troy Greene died
in the midst of a felony
the defendant was ready
to plead guilty to.
Troy died because some cop
shot him in the head.
Judge,
this is a retaliatory charge!
I watched him die.
He bled out in my lap.
Quiet, everyone.
Let's reconvene tomorrow.
I will hear
both of your arguments,
and I will determine whether the
felony murder charge is valid.
The judge won't let that murder
charge go through, I promise.
Just like you promised I
wouldn't have to pay that money.
And I was winning.
They only tacked on
this new charge to save face.
Yeah, 'cause you went too hard
at them, you dumb bitch!
Hey. Ms. Pratt is the only thing
standing between you
and a life in prison.
Trust her.
Alright.
♪♪
Professor Keating.
I -- You're going?
You're the one
who wanted to let it ride.
Now it's on you
to fix it.
♪♪
Ivy League tuition,
and that's what you're teaching
these kids
to do in court?
I must be pretty good
because I got your son off
after the FBI charged him
with terrorism.
Gabriel didn't
tell you that, huh?
He's got
quite a rap sheet.
Look, I want the same thing
you want here --
for my son
to come home.
I just need your help
convincing him.
I'm done
helping your son.
I know.
But Gabriel's all I got.
Please.
You of all people know
what it feels like
to lose your child.
♪♪
Sam told me.
We spoke on the phone
a few weeks after it happened.
♪♪
Your son's alive.
No way in hell
do you know my pain.
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
You couldn't wait
to go back to her!
Why?! You blame me?!
It wasn't my fault, Sam!
I wanted him!
I loved him!
I loved him! I loved him!
[ Metal clanks ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Crying ]
♪♪
Oh, I loved him.
I loved him.
♪♪
Here he is.
Felix Michel.
His cab's license matches
the one Laurel got into.
That his address?
First, tell me why I can't tell
my husband about this --
and be honest.
[ Sighs ]
[ Siren wails in distance ]
I'm embarrassed.
About what?
All this time,
I gave Laurel
the benefit of the doubt,
and I just can't take everyone
telling me, "I told you so."
You mean Bonnie?
She never liked Laurel,
especially that
you liked Laurel.
That's enough chitchat.
Why did you choose Laurel,
anyway?
I mean, I get it.
I -- [ Chuckles ]
I chose Connor.
I don't get to throw stones.
But you've known
Bonnie forever,
to the point
that I sometimes wondered
if you were
secretly together.
I said enough.
Am I right?
Just give me
the frigging address.
♪♪
We all know the DA's using
the felony murder charge
against Brandi as payback.
Payback for you
screwing up?
For me humiliating them.
So let's humiliate them
once again by accusing them
of prosecutorial
vindictiveness.
Under the doctrine
of stare decisis,
find me precedents that --
Why don't we just put Brandi
on the stand?
No.
The police shot
her unarmed black husband.
We can invite the press.
Brandi can't handle that.
We need the public
to be outraged.
And we need you
to shut up
and do
what Professor Pratt says.
That goes
for everyone here, okay?
We're gonna felony-murder this
felony murder charge together.
I thought your case
was a plea hearing.
Since when are you arguing
a felony murder?
We're not.
I'm getting the charges dropped.
With Annalise's help,
I assume?
Where is she?
It's fine.
I'm gonna fix it.
It's Annalise's job to fix it.
And where's Connor?
He should be back
with Marisol's paperwork by now.
Uh, I bet he's stuck
in traffic.
Find him. And Annalise.
Right now.
Sir, yes, sir.
[ Line rings, clicks ]
Where are you?
Connor: Maryland.
I brought Hector
to see his mom.
You kidnapped him?
No.
You took him across state lines.
That's kidnapping.
His social worker
said she'd cover for me.
[ Vehicle approaches ]
Hey, I-I-I-I gotta go.
Marisol's here.
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
Just tell Tegan
I'm stuck in traffic.
Just record
the reunion for me.
I feel like a good cry.
[ Click ]
♪♪
[ Siren wails in distance ]
[ Door closes ]
I'm not
on the clock yet.
You recognize this girl?
I think you gave her a ride
this past Friday.
You a detective?
No, not with my record.
This is your cab,
right?
Yeah, but I drive
over 100 people a day.
[ Sighs ]
This jog your memory?
The old me
woulda told you
whatever you wanted
to get that money.
But I'm a nice guy
these days.
Sorry.
[ Sighs ]
Unfortunately,
we have no updates
on your father's case,
Mr. Lahey.
Or none you can
share with me.
That, too.
At least you can tell me
if you're still
circling the governor.
Xavier Castillo?
The investigation
is ongoing.
That's all
we can tell you.
What if I tell you
something?
Tegan Price worked
for Jorge Castillo for a decade.
Then her boss,
Emmett Crawford, goes dead
the moment
after the governor accused him
of murdering my pops.
As you know,
there's no discussing
an open investigation.
I don't want
to discuss anything.
I just want you to arrest
the right people, like her.
Tegan:
How was your day off?
You make time
for a mani-pedi?
I was dealing with Vivian.
Yeah?
And neglecting your client,
a poor widow
who Michaela got charged
with murder.
So vindictive prosecution
is my fault now?
Let's talk
Hector and Marisol, then.
Connor promised them asylum
like he's damn Santa Claus.
I'll take over that case.
No, you just take
sad-sack Bonnie off my hands.
I got enough of your puppies
peeing on my floor already.
What?
She asked me for a job.
Don't pretend
like you didn't know.
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
If you want to punch someone,
just go to the gym.
I got work to do.
Uh, you leave when I say so,
Annalise!
A lesbian woman of color
running a major law firm.
I'm a damn unicorn.
So, to have you,
not one of the 321 other men
working here,
making my job harder --
someone I thought
was my friend --
that's not salt
in the wound.
It's a chain saw
to my neck.
[ Sighs ]
I feel safe with you.
Too safe, clearly,
'cause I could see
how this is coming off.
Like you're taking
advantage of me?
From now on,
I'll kick ass for this firm
and let you take
all the credit.
I deserve
Anything you say, boss.
Great news.
We found
three precedents
on prosecutorial
vindictiveness,
including
a 9th circuit ruling.
You have tangible proof
the DA broke the law?
We're working on that.
So you have nothing?
I have something.
I just talked to Brandi.
She wants to take the stand.
I told you no.
And "no" means no, bro.
The judge needs
to see Brandi's grief.
The judge doesn't care
about her grief.
Or maybe you're just too scared
of your own.
What?
You just found out
your father's dead,
and now you're acting
like you don't care.
He shot my mother.
Maybe I'm relieved he's dead.
You know that's not true.
Would you please stop
mansplaining her own emotions?
All of you, stop.
I agree with Mr. Maddox.
Brandi should take the stand.
No, I'm her lawyer!
This isn't even his case.
But you have
to do the direct.
Michaela:
[ Scoffs ]
If you fail and we lose
this case, you go home.
Deal?
Deal.
♪♪
Sign here and here.
I'll mail the application to
Immigration Services tomorrow,
and then I'll get
an interview date
with the Asylum Officer.
Hector had to go to court.
Me, too?
You've never been
detained,
so the officer
can grant asylum outright.
For Hector, too.
[ Vehicle approaches ]
You have a lot of hope.
I do.
Woman: Marisol Diaz?
♪♪
It's okay.
Hi. Can I help you?
Believe so.
Are you Connor Walsh?
♪♪
Knee repeaters three times.
One.
Two.
[ Ringtone plays ]
Three.
[ Sighs ]
When are you getting home?
I want pizza.
I messed up.
What's wrong?
The social worker
ratted me out to her boss.
Border Control found out,
and they --
they took Hector
and Marisol into custody.
Where?
This detention center
in Maryland.
Oli?
Yeah.
Tell me
it's gonna be okay.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
Bonnie:
Where you been all day?
You gonna ask me that
every time I walk in now?
I was asking in case
you hadn't eaten.
You know
I can always eat.
Sit.
[ Grunts ]
What?
Sam really screwed things up
for us, huh?
Which part?
Us.
You and me.
Don't.
What did I do?
[ Sighs ]
You miss her.
It's fine.
Just don't pretend
that whatever you're feeling
right now is about me.
You can clean up.
[ Sighs ]
[ Rapid knock on door ]
♪♪
Connor needs your help.
What happened?
He got his clients
detained by ICE.
Did you call Annalise?
He said
she would kill him,
and I agree,
she probably should.
Or Tegan. Somebody should
definitely kill him.
Why Tegan?
They're her clients,
too.
♪♪
Ms. Greene, when did you know
you first loved Troy?
Second time
I ever saw him.
Not the first?
First time was after this guy
stole my jacket at a bar.
Troy said
he would get it back,
and I was like,
"Yeah, whatever."
And the second time?
He came back
like an hour later,
all beat up,
with the jacket.
You know, plenty of folks
took stuff from me.
He was the first
to bring something back.
He always brought
something back.
Brandi, whose idea was it
to rob the Check-n-Hurry?
Yours?
It was Troy.
So, everything
that happened after --
the robbery, car chase,
the shooting,
Troy dying --
would you say
that any of that stemmed
from a decision
that you made?
My husband bled out
in my lap.
I held his head.
And there was a hole.
And I felt
when he stopped breathing.
Ain't no way
I decided that.
♪♪
That's all, Your Honor.
Did you see that?!
[ Exhales sharply, chuckles ]
That's why I want
to stay here --
so Annalise
can teach me that.
Baby,
that was all you.
How would you know?
I know my son.
I know what he's capable of.
No, how?
This is the first time
that you've showed up for me
and hadn't been nodding off.
You're right.
But I know
what I just saw.
And watching you, baby,
seeing you help that woman
open up, find her voice,
baby, it was like --
What, Ma?
It was like watching
your father.
You're great.
God knows that
more than me.
But you can
be great anywhere.
Come home with me.
I, um -- I think recess
is gonna be over soon.
ADA Gibson:
Ms. Greene, did Troy cook,
or was that just you?
Neither of us really did.
But you still thought opening
a food truck was a good idea?
We figured
we'd learn by doing.
"We"? Because you wanted this
food truck just as much as Troy?
I know what you're doing.
I'm trying to get
to the truth.
Objection.
Zero foundation.
No, you want me to say
it was my idea
for the food truck,
so it's my fault Troy got shot.
Do you believe
it's your fault?
No, it's the cop's fault.
So you don't feel bad
that Troy is dead?
Of course I feel bad.
Because it was you who suggested
to buy the truck, wasn't it?
Sanction the ADA.
Badgering the witness!
And you who made Troy
steal that money?
Counsel is testifying!
Enough, Ms. Gibson.
We were just doing what we
needed to do to survive.
So you have no guilt
about stealing $5,000?
Bitch, keep talking!
Or getting your husband shot?
I'll cut your head off,
you stuck-up-ass skank!
Judge Nanjani:
You are in contempt of court.
Remove the witness.
We are in recess.
[ Elevator dings ]
I can fix this.
I just need to redirect Brandi.
You've done enough.
True story.
I gave the OK.
Blame me.
Tegan: I'll blame you.
Annalise: What's wrong?
Connor got our clients
picked up by ICE.
He did what?
Oh, no.
Hector's social worker
just called,
said Connor took him
over state lines.
Now they're detained
in Thiede County,
wherever the hell that is.
I'll go with you.
Don't you have a murder charge
to get thrown out?
Also a true story.
Clean up your mess.
I got Connor's.
♪♪
[ Telephone ringing,
indistinct conversations ]
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Saving your ass.
Why didn't you call me?
I called someone else.
She has a plan.
Bonnie: It's a confidential
case.
I can only share the details
with the Director in Charge.
So take me to him,
or you'll have
the Philadelphia DA
calling you directly.
Okay, I'll check.
You're ADA...?
Winterbottom.
What the hell
are you doing?
Helping your clients.
By hiding that you just got
fired from the DA's office?
Wait, you were fired?
Yes.
Quiet.
This crazy?
It's in all you
Annalise people.
Lying, kidnapping,
God knows what else.
Look, this is my fault,
not Bonnie's.
Woman: Director Mayfield
will see you now.
The crazy works.
You're all
from the Philly DA's?
Just me.
Ms. Price
and her law clerk
are helping Marisol and Hector
with their asylum application.
I know Marisol
because she's agreed to testify
in a human-trafficking case
I'm about to take to trial.
I need her released
right away.
Well, the kid has a file,
but the mother was picked up
without papers.
We were actually
about to submit
her asylum application
today.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
I'll release them.
I just need your ID,
Ms. Winterbottom.
♪♪
I mean your DA badge.
Bonnie: [ Clears throat ]
Yeah, I must have, uh,
left it at the office.
I will e-mail you a copy
as soon as I get back.
Okay. [ Sighs ]
I've seen a lot of scams,
but this one takes the cake.
This is a simple
misunderstanding.
Director Mayfield, sir,
th-- this is my fault.
[ Cellphone keypad dialing ]
I just wanted Hector
to see his mother.
[ Ringing ]
So arrest me
if you have to, but...
Hey.
I know. I'm sorry.
But I'm in an ICE facility
in Maryland,
and I need you to tell...
Adrian Mayfield to release
my client and her son.
Thank you.
Who the hell's that?
Cora Duncan,
Undersecretary for Intelligence
and Analysis
at Homeland Security.
Madam Undersecretary?
You couldn't have called
this person
when we were trying to get
Hector asylum last week?
Mayfield:
Yes, I understand.
No.
Why?
Of course, ma'am.
Because she's my wife.
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Door opens ]
We're good.
He agreed not to contest
either Hector
or Marisol's case.
Great.
You'll just have
to supervise their interviews
with the asylum office.
You won this case,
not me.
Only 'cause your crazy
got us into that office.
Don't thank me yet.
No benefits
for three months
until I know I made
the right decision.
Comprendes, Hector?
Uh, n-no mas ICE.
Tu y tu mama, uh,
stay together ahora.
Vamos pequeño.
Di le gracias.
Gracias.
[ Chuckles ] De nada.
That's great.
I know.
Just, thank you.
Ahh! Well, Tegan just got
Hector and Marisol out.
[ Sighs ] Great.
So now I'm the only disaster
around here.
Which I'm not going
to mope about,
not when I have
a plan to argue.
Transfer of intent.
The Pennsylvania statute
for felony murder
was on the books long before
the 8th amendment was adopted.
You think you're
gonna take your first case
to the Supreme Court?
[ Sighs ] Right.
Right, right, right,
right. Right.
[ Laughs ]
Was this the plan all along?
You watch me fail,
I feel like an idiot,
then you come in
and save the day?
The plan is to get you
to pay attention.
I am paying attention!
I just hate what I'm seeing!
What are you seeing?
Tell me.
Because I can see
the answer to this case
is right in front of you.
Then tell me what it is,
please!
I'll never be bitchy
to you again.
Sam.
What?
That would be considered
felony murder,
just like Brandi.
[ Stammers ]
No, no.
[ Exhales sharply ]
That was manslaughter
that -- that Wes
committed.
Who pushed him
over the railing?
♪♪
Why are you doing this?
Again, Michaela,
I'm teaching you.
I mean, why...
why keep protecting us?
The FBI knows things,
and you could have had us
arrested from the start,
or I don't know,
sued us
for wrongful death,
not that I had any money,
but Laurel did.
Michaela.
You could have had
all that Antares money.
Stop. Think about
what you just said.
♪♪
[ Sighs ] Oh, my God.
The DA is scared
of a wrongful death suit.
Duh.
♪♪
Mr. Richt, what's the protocol
for your investigation
after an officer-involved
shooting?
The officer goes on leave while
the shooting is investigated.
And when that investigation
concludes...?
Two reports are issued --
one by the police department's
Use of Force Review Board,
the other by
the District Attorney.
Mr. Richt,
why did the police board
issue their report on Troy's
death three months ago,
yet we're still waiting on
the report from your office?
Objection.
Confidentiality.
Confidentiality doesn't protect
a criminal act,
as Ms. Pratt will show.
Overruled.
Answer, Mr. Richt.
DA Miller's death created
a large backlog for our office.
So the delay
isn't because your report
reached a different
conclusion?
That the killing of Troy Greene
was, say, not justified?
ADA Gibson:
Objection. Speculation.
Sustained.
Were you worried that Brandi
would use your report
to file
a wrongful death suit?
That's why you needed her to
plead guilty yesterday, right?
So that she couldn't sue the
city for millions of dollars!
The law says the prosecutor
has a broad discretion
to determine
what charges to file.
Exactly! You choose how the law
is applied, Mr. Richt.
So, tell me,
do you actually believe
in this felony murder charge
against my client?
Say yes, and that means
we should all be defined
by our worst decisions,
punished for them
for the rest of our lives.
Even if that means calling an
innocent person a murderer,
because Brandi only made
one mistake here,
and that's to want
a better life.
That's why she sat in that car
while Troy took that money.
But apparently,
you think that means
she should go down
for murder.
I didn't say that.
Because you don't believe
in these charges.
That is very clear.
Your Honor, we make a motion
to subpoena the latest draft
of the DA's report on the
killing of Troy Greene,
along with ADA Richt's
e-mails.
ADA Gibson: Objection.
Work product privilege.
Judge Nanjani: Overruled.
Either you drop
the felony murder charge,
or I will subpoena
that report myself.
♪♪
Michaela:
Give us a moment to discuss.
They're offering you two years
in jail and probation.
Two years?
That's a year less
than where we started
and you could still file
a wrongful death suit.
What are
the other options?
Only probation,
but if you take it --
I take it.
If you take it,
then you'll have to waive
your right
to sue the city.
So, two years jail
and maybe money,
or no jail and no money?
I think we can
win you millions.
No. No.
Brandi.
Look, people like me
don't usually get one win,
let alone two.
So, go. Go over there
and tell them I take probation.
[ Knocks on desk ]
You heard
your client. Go.
Okay. We've made
a decision.
Show's over.
Question
before you go.
Um, what Michaela
was saying up there --
she felt that,
deeply.
Like she knows firsthand
what it's like
to play a part
in a man's death.
You shooting up again?
Look me in the eye.
Tell me that wasn't
about Sam.
Hey, Mom.
Your problem is not
with Annalise. It's with me.
For once,
I agree with your son.
Why the hell do you keep
defending her?
Because I can
handle her myself.
She's brainwashed you!
So, enough.
Either you come home
with me now,
or I am going straight
to the FBI.
You can't do that.
Come here. Come here.
Come here.
[ Son Lux's "Speak" plays ]
Baby,
what's happened?
You can tell me.
It's true,
what Annalise said.
Paul?
♪♪
It was an accident.
I did not mean
for him to --
Shh. [ Breathes shakily ]
I just wanted you to realize
that he was no good.
[ Breathing heavily ]
That's all I wanted.
I just wanted
to take care of you.
[ Voice breaking ]
That wasn't your job, baby!
I know that now.
I just --
[ Sighs ]
I was just trying to be
the man that you needed.
I-I had to.
I'm not trying
to make excuses. I'm not.
I-I know this is still
my fault, because it is.
Because I did it.
I did it, Ma.
It's -- And It's not
felony murder.
It's m--
It's murder, Ma.
Shh!
♪♪
Do you think
I'm a bad man?
No. No.
No, baby.
[ Breathing heavily ]
No.
♪♪
You have a good heart.
'Cause you're
a good man...
and a good son.
♪♪
I got you now.
You hear me?
[ Breathes sharply ]
I got you.
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
Tegan:
I'm still mad at you.
So no yelling at me
for hiring Bonnie.
Can I yell at you for not
telling me that you have a wife?
Cora.
We just haven't filed
the divorce papers yet.
"We"?
Me.
[ Sensuous Enemy's
"I Go Insane" plays ]
[ Siren wails in distance ]
♪♪
You call me here
to kill me?
You recognize this girl?
I drive over 100 people a day.
'Cause I don't get
all the run-around.
They threatened me.
Who?
I don't know who they are,
but they said they'd kill me
if I talked to anyone
about where I dropped her.
It's some kind
of safe house.
Got it?
♪♪
The address.
This better be right.
♪ Two kinds of people
in this world ♪
♪♪
♪ Winners, losers ♪
You got fired.
What?
You just forgot to tell me?
I didn't want you
to worry.
I'm not gonna go on a bender
every time I get bad news.
Wait until you hear the bad news
before saying that.
♪ 'Cause I did not use it ♪
The FBI found out that I made
an arrest report for Vivian.
♪ Insane ♪
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
Maybe I'll go on
that bender.
Listen,
the fact that they haven't
brought charges against us
is a good sign.
You've got your head
up your ass.
Why get Sam's
drug-addicted ex-wife
to spy on you
if they had evidence?
♪ And I call out your name ♪
They're desperate.
♪ She's a lot like you ♪
[ Door opens ]
Ms. Maddox,
my partner tells me
you have something new
for us.
Yes.
It's about my son.
♪♪
♪ I lost my power
in this world ♪
♪ And the rumors are flying ♪
♪♪
♪ Two kinds of people ♪
♪ So I go insane ♪
♪ Like I always do ♪
♪ And I call out your name ♪
Lanford: We can't cut a deal
with Gabriel until he offers us
evidence to help us
with our case.
Why would he do that?
Because his mother
convinced him.
No, I mean why
would he do that
when you people framed him
for terrorism?
Annalise got into your head.
That it?
I'm the only one
in my head.
And what I know now
is y'all will frame
innocent people
to make your case.
Annalise Keating
is not innocent.
That's your job to prove,
not mine.
If you back out, we no longer
have an incentive
to keep your drug trafficking
charges sealed.
Come for me.
I dare you.
Hell, I'll have Annalise
defend me.
[ Door opens, slams ]
♪ Two kinds of trouble
in this world ♪
♪ So I go insane ♪
♪ Like I always do ♪
♪♪
Did you listen to them?
Just one.
They're her
therapy sessions with Sam.
Okay, this is a creepy
breach of privacy.
You all planted a nanny cam
in my apartment.
That was Frank.
And --
And you need to be careful
because you might hear
something that you
don't want to know.
I already did.
It involves you.
What?
I don't think
your dad's dead.
Sam: Okay, not all lawyers
are bad people.
Annalise:
Of course they are.
The first case
I ever worked,
I was an undergrad
at Tennessee.
My boss was a big-time lawyer,
Solomon Vick,
someone I thought
I could look up to.
Until?
Until I found out he was
screwing our client's wife.
Really?
Yeah.
Got her pregnant, too.
Our client thought it was
his kid the whole time.
[ Recorder clicks ]
Your dad wasn't the client,
Michaela.
He's the lawyer.
♪ So I go insane ♪
♪ Like I always do ♪
♪ And I call out your name ♪
♪ She's a lot like you ♪
Laurel.
♪♪
Hey, Frank.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Thanks for coming in
so late.
[ Door closes ]
You get something
on Price?
No. It's about
Ronald Miller.
We have new evidence
leading us to believe
that he was not involved
in your father's death.
What evidence?
Something that will help close
your father's case.
But first you need to give us
help to close one of ours.
What case?
Annalise Keating.
♪♪
Lanford:
We have a dead informant
on our hands, Michaela.
♪♪
The sooner you talk,
the better your deal.
Again, I invoke my right
to remain silent.
You sure? Ms. Pratt's next door
with her lawyer right now.
We've offered her a deal
to cooperate.
You want proof?
Sure.
Let me talk to Michaela.
I mean proof
of the murder.
♪♪
You did this.
Tell us why.
♪♪
[ Chuckling ]
[ Laughing ]
♪♪
[ Hyperventilating ]
Get a medic now!
[ Wheezing ]
I need help in here!
Help! Help!
Help!
♪♪